Observability - Include data collection techniques. (#122)
microsoft/code-with-engineering-playbook: observability/readme.md

## Recommended Tools and Approaches

### Tools

1. [Azure Monitor](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/overview) - Umbrella of services including system metrics, log analytics and more.

> 2. [Application Insights](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/app/app-insights-overview) - Eventually will be included inside Azure Monitor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. [Application Insights](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/app/app-insights-overview) - An extensible Application Performance Management (APM) service used to monitor live applications, and a feature of Azure Monitor.
```

(future-proofing the wording for this)

3. [Azure Log Analytics](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/log-query/log-query-overview) - Run advanced queries against the data collected via Azure Monitor Logs. 

### Collection 

There are many ways to collect data; here are three generally accepted methods:

#### 1. Agent: 

> In most cloud-oriented applications, logs and other types of telemetry data are treated as streams of data; sometimes, those streams might be accessible as files, or something else. Many times, it would be STDOUT. An agent collector is executed as a daemon, a standalone application, or a container, and consumes these streams and forwards them to the system of record.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In most cloud-oriented applications, logs and other types of telemetry data are treated as streams of data; sometimes, those streams might be accessible as files, or something else. Many times, it would be [`STDOUT`](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Standard_streams). An agent collector is executed as a daemon, a standalone application, or a container, and consumes these streams and forwards them to the system of record.
```

Author: Made the changes suggested.
